## why I would want to join the server  

*  find rhythm game memes
*  find ppl who play games i play
*  be notified of rhythm game news
*  sense of community with others who love rhythm games as much as i do
*  flex (with respect)
*  find ppl better than me who can inspire me to get better
*  find/share other rhythm game yt channels

## Permissions to look into  

*  manage emoji's and stickers? I'd love to add plenty
*  manage channels? I'd have been able to make a bot testing channel instead of clogging modchat. Also a channel for pinging rinny's videos might be a good add
*  Start Activities? maybe for listening parties/multiplayer casuals?
*  Manage Server? Honestly I want to customize Mee6 bot, especially for music listening parties

## Games to maybe add roles for.  

### I've seen these posted in rhythm-game-scores channel. Alse, pretty sure dyno's [autoroles](https://wiki.dyno.gg/en/modules/autoroles#how-to-set-up-joinable-ranks) should work for this  
### Carl's [feed](https://docs.carl.gg/utilities/announcements/) announcements might work too


*  Osu Normal
*  Osu Mania
*  Arcaea
*  Beat Saber
*  Sound Voltex
*  A Dance of Fire and Ice
*  Muse Dash
*  Etterna
*  Lanota
*  Phigros
*  Rhythm Doctor
*  Cytus 2
*  DDR
*  Wacca
*  Chunithm
*  Musynx
*  Beatmania
*  Pump It Up

## Stuff to ask rinny in general
* server welcome screen
* applying for discovery
* server discription
* suggestion box type channel to ask why ppl come to/would stay on the server
* emoji permissions
* server invite background
* custom vanity link invite [url](https://invite.gg/)
* bring up no levels
* importing [goal tag](https://docs.carl.gg/tags-and-triggers/collection/) in carl bot
* maybe limit the crap out of dank memer?
